Update mcc-enterprise-appendix.md (#11804)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/deployment/do/mcc-enterprise-appendix.md

### Installing on VMware

1. Ensure that you're using ESX. In the VM settings, turn on the option **Expose hardware assisted virtualization to the guest OS**.

> 1. Microsoft Connected Cache for Enterprise and Education can be successfully installed on VMware. To do so, there are a couple of additional configurations to be made. Please ensure the VM is turned off prior to making the configuration changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Microsoft Connected Cache for Enterprise and Education can be successfully installed on VMware. To do so, there are a couple of additional configurations to be made. Ensure the VM is turned off before making the configuration changes:
```
